chore(docs): Old occurrences of gatbyjs.org (#34402)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/how-to/styling/using-web-fonts.md

### How to use Web Font Loader with Typekit

> You can add Typekit Web Fonts to your project by using the [gatsby-plugin-web-font-loader](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/packages/gatsby-plugin-web-font-loader/?=font) and your [Adobe Fonts project id](https://fonts.adobe.com/my_fonts#web_projects-section). For example, this is how you can add Futura to your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add Typekit Web Fonts to your project by using the [gatsby-plugin-web-font-loader](/plugins/gatsby-plugin-web-font-loader/?=font) and your [Adobe Fonts project id](https://fonts.adobe.com/my_fonts#web_projects-section). For example, this is how you can add Futura to your project.
```

Links in docs should be relative to make use of `gatsby-link`.
